Amen.
He's so worthy.
You know, that was something that was at the front and center of this weekend that we just come off of here at Thomas Road Baptist Church where in the seats that you're sitting in right now, there were over a thousand middle school and high school students and hundreds of leaders and adults.
pouring and investing into the lives of the students, not just in this church, but what is amazing is that here in the Lynchburg area, there were about 15 churches that joined together with us collectively in unity, worshiping the name of Jesus, lifting up his name on high.
And we got to see many students come to know Jesus this weekend.
And many came to know Jesus in the services, but the thing that makes me excited is that last night, even after the service is in the small group time, there were many other students that said yes to Jesus.
And in this next service, there are gonna be about 450 to 500 students sitting in our sections in this room, and they're gonna be worshiping with us, and we're gonna see some of them getting baptized in here.
And I'm just telling you, God is on the move in this church, and I wanna, one,
Give praise to the Lord for what he's doing.
And also thank you as a church for your support for the next generation ministries of this church because it's a big deal.
And so let's give the Lord a hand and thank him for, and praise him and worship him for what he's done.
Now this weekend, the theme of episode was The Great Exchange.
And one of the reasons why that was the theme of the weekend is that we wanted our students to understand clearly what is the gospel.
And not just what is the gospel, but what are the implications for the gospel for our lives?
What does it mean now that I'm a follower of Jesus?
How does God now see me and view me now that I am a follower of Jesus?
I remember when I was in seminary and I came into the theology class that I was taking,
And my theology professor says, all right, here we go.
This is what we're going to do.
I want you to count the three and on the count of three, I want you to say, I was right, this is God.
Here we go.
One, two, three.
And all of us are like, we're just uncomfortable.
I don't want to say that.
He says, you know how I know that you don't understand what it means for what Jesus has done for you and how God looks at you now as a follower of Jesus is that you have a hard time
making that statement.
He said, this is the doctrine of justification.
The Scripture tells us that we are justified.
Justification is the judicial act in which God declares us righteous.
He is the judge.
And we are not righteous because of what we've done.
You can't earn it, but we are righteous because of what He's done.
He died on the cross in our place for our sin.
And through a relationship with Him, we have now been made righteous.
So this is the theme verse of our weekend, Second Corinthians 5, 21.
For he who knew no sin, Jesus, he knew no sin, he never sinned, became sin, he took on sin so that we might become the righteousness of God in him.
Now this is important that we understand this.
I noticed on Liberty's campus a couple years ago, there were some students that would walk around on campus and I started seeing this pop up everywhere.
They were wearing these black
T-shirts that would say center in white, large letters that said center in white across their chest, and they were the hats.
They were black, and they would say center right across the top of their hats.
And they're walking around with these hats, and I just thought it was an interesting billboard that they were wearing on their body.
So I had a meeting with a student who was a ministry major, and he was a junior, and he comes into my office, and he's wearing the shirt in the hat, and I say to him, okay,
So tell up to me about this shirt and his hat, he says, well listen, me and my friends got together and we decided that we were gonna get a t-shirt company and hats going because we want the world to know that we are sinners just like you and we want that to be able to engage in some conversations.
And I said to him, I said, listen, I understand your heart and I understand where you're coming from.
But your position before the Lord is no longer sinner
Your position before the Lord now is saint.
So Paul says that he's writing to the saints of, he's writing to the saints at.
As a follower of Jesus, this great exchange has taken place that when we are now placed into the family of God, we are now placed into the kingdom of God.
And now how God sees us is not the same as he saw us before we were in the family of God and in the kingdom of the world.
It's completely different.
In fact, when you look at the teaching of Jesus, what we see is that Jesus' primary message was a message to help us understand sort of this, this, some of this idea.
If you got your Bibles up, what's up with the Matthew chapter four?
And as you're opening your Bibles up to Matthew chapter four, let me kind of set up the book of Matthew.
If you're new to the Bible, Matthew is the first book that we have in the New Testament, not the oldest, but the first that is in order there.
In the first couple chapters of Matthew, we see the birth of Jesus.
And then in Matthew chapter three, we see Jesus being baptized.
And then in Matthew chapter four, it starts out, it says, and then Jesus was led into the wilderness to be tempted by the devil.
They say Jesus wanted to go into the wilderness, says he was led by the Spirit.
And as the Spirit led Jesus, that's where he went.
This is after fasting 40 days and 40 nights, the tempter came to him.
And the tempter, temps Jesus, Satan, temps Jesus,
three unique ways.
And really, much of the temptation can be summed up in, he was trying to tempt Jesus to trade the immediate, or trade the ultimate for the immediate, which I think is one of the biggest temptations that we're faced with the day as well.
He wants us to trade the ultimate things that he has for us in our lives for the immediate gratification, the immediate satisfaction of the moment.
So he tempts Jesus, and then at the end of the temptation,
of Jesus in the last temptation.
Jesus says, away from me Satan, away from me Satan.
And it says Satan left him and it says, angels came and attended him.
And then here's what Jesus says in verse 17.
From that time on, Jesus began to preach, repent for the kingdom of heaven has come near.
Now what this passage is telling us is that the message of Jesus, this is the primary message of Jesus.
This is the message that he preached.
He preached this message of repentance that the kingdom of heaven has come near.
Now Jesus has come near and he's bringing the kingdom of heaven near to us.
And then if we would have a relationship with him, we could have access to the kingdom of heaven, but Jesus' message was a message about the kingdom of heaven.
This is what he preached.
In fact, I heard
I read one scholar when I was doing some research for the message today.
He said this.
He said, the kingdom wasn't just the most important message that Jesus preached, but it was the only message that Jesus preached.
That oftentimes we think about Jesus preaching about love and in preaching about hope and in preaching about forgiveness, but all of those are in the background and in the framework of Jesus' understanding of the kingdom of heaven and what he would want people to know about the kingdom of heaven.
In fact, it tells us at the beginning of Jesus' ministry here that this was the message that he would preach from that time on, the kingdom of heaven has come near.
He's preaching about the kingdom of heaven.
But if you fast forward to the book of Acts in Acts chapter one, it tells us that after Jesus had raised from the dead and he had been revealing himself over 40 days, it says that the message that he was teaching them was the message of the kingdom of heaven.
So even in his resurrection, this was the message that he was preaching.
It was the primary point that he wanted to make.
But then that begs the question then, if this was the primary message that he wanted to make, well, what is the kingdom of heaven?
And is the kingdom of heaven really that important?
Well, according to Jesus, the kingdom of heaven is very important.
In fact, if you're in Matthew four, they're flipped over, excuse me, a couple pages,
Flip over a couple of pages to Matthew 13.
When you get over to Matthew 13, Jesus shares seven parables in Matthew 13.
Now in the seven parables that Jesus mentions in chapter 13, six of the seven are on the kingdom of heaven, six of the seven.
And a parable, if you're not familiar with what a parable is, the Greek word for parable means to throw alongside of.
And so what Jesus would do is he would take common everyday language, everyday story, everyday experiences, and he would throw alongside that some spiritual truth to help people who were listening to understand the spiritual truth in the cultural context of their day.
And Jesus says this in Matthew chapter 13, we're not gonna read all of them, I'm gonna focus on the fourth parable that he mentions, because he talks about how incredible the kingdom of evidence.
Here's what he says in Matthew 1344.
The kingdom of heaven is like a treasure in a field.
When a man found it, he hid it again, and then in his joy, sold all that he had, and bought that field.
Now, during the first century, the average person, the commoner, did not have access to things like banks.
You had to be wealthy to have access to something like
what we would think of as a bank.
But what they had, the common person had, property.
And so when you would have valuables or you would have things that you wanted to protect and keep safe, you would find this place on your property, you would dig a hole, you would bury those valuables, and then whenever you would want the valuables, need the valuables, you would dig those valuables up to have the valuables for yourself whenever you would need them.
The problem is that sometimes people would die.
and they didn't tell anyone where their valuables were buried, and so they're just lost.
Sometimes war would happen, and in the frantic fleeing to get away from war and disruption of life, they would flee their property, and of course the valuables would still be left.
And so this story, this parable seems a little bit odd, like, well, if this guy's coming along and he stumbles upon a treasure in a field, while wouldn't he just
notify the owners of the property to the treasure of the field.
It kind of feels like a bit shady if you think about it.
At least that's how I think about it.
But actually the Roman law and Jewish law kind of operated under a finders keepers, losers, weifers law, all right?
If you found it, it was yours.
You got to keep it.
You could do whatever you wanted to with it.
Now, what is compelling about what Jesus is saying about this man is that this man saw that the value
of this treasure was so great that there was nothing in his life worth giving up, not worth giving up in order to have it.
That everything in his life in comparison to the kingdom of heaven would have been worthless.
And what Jesus is saying to us is if you could know the value of the kingdom of heaven, you would be willing to give up anything and everything in your life in order to have access
to the kingdom of heaven.
Okay, well then, then what is the kingdom of heaven?
Well, let's talk about that for a minute.
If I can find the mark in the right pocket.
Let's talk about that for a minute.
Well, the first thing we see in the text is, is that there are two kingdoms.
There is the kingdom of the world.
And there is the kingdom, I'm sorry.
There's the kingdom of heaven, that's what we're talking about.
And there's the kingdom of the world, two kingdoms.
The kingdom of heaven and the kingdom of the world.
The kingdom of heaven is the rule and reign of God.
This is where God is on the throne.
In the kingdom of heaven, the ideas, values, patterns of truth and thinking,
submit to the authority of God, submit to the rule of God.
And the scripture would teach us that the kingdom of heaven is the way to life.
Eternal life.
In fact, while we're here on this earth, the scripture would teach us that when you surrender your life to Jesus, you immediately become a resident of the kingdom of heaven.
even before you die and go to heaven, you're a part of the kingdom of heaven.
And so this is also the full life that Jesus talks about that we have in John 10, 10, we get this full life.
Jesus says, I've come that you may have life and have it to the full.
In contrast to the kingdom of heaven, there's the kingdom of the world.
In the kingdom of the world, the best way to understand the kingdom of the world is the kingdom of the world is the culture of the world.
It's the culture of the world that is around us.
It's the culture that is around us all day that we're inundated with, that impacts our life and everything that we do.
And in the culture of the world that we live in, the culture that's around us, there are messages in the culture.
There are ideas and beliefs and patterns that submit to culture and to the messages of our culture.
Today, for those of you watching the Super Bowl, would you watch the Super Bowl?
There's gonna be all types of messages that are spread out through our TV screen.
Messages in the game through commercials, messages at halftime, and these messages are sourced in something.
They are sourced in the rule and reign of God, God being the authority and submitting to his authority, or they are sourced into the culture of the world where Satan is on the throne.
where Satan is on the throne.
And the scripture would teach us that in the kingdom of the world, it is the way to death.
Not just physical death, as we know, we're all going to die, but spiritual death, eternal separation from God.
And here's what the Bible teaches us.
The Bible teaches us several things here.
The first thing the Bible teaches us is that the kingdom of heaven and the world are at odds with one another.
They're at odds with one another.
People reject certain things that God has said through His Word all the time in the culture of our world.
In fact, Pastor Jonathan was mentioning some thoughts earlier on the stage that connected this song.
The Bible, under God's authority, talks to us about things like gender.
The Bible talks to us about things like marriage.
The Bible talks to us about these different ideas
and how these things should be viewed.
So as a believer in Jesus, if I'm a part of the kingdom of heaven, then I submit my life to the ideas, values, patterns of truth and belief that are submitted to God through His Word.
So this determines how I think, term is how I believe, term is how I live my life.
The Bible does that.
The scripture teaches me how to do that.
And these kingdoms, what we see in scripture, they're odds with one another.
In fact, in the culture, the culture tries to convince you that there is more that can be gained in this world than God can give.
I think this goes all the way back to the first sin in Genesis chapter three.
I want you to notice how Eve is tempted by Satan.
Here's what the scripture says.
It says the serpent comes to Eve and he says this, did God really say?
Did God really say that if you eat from this tree,
Like you're going to die.
And here's what he said.
She said, God did say.
She was crystal clear on what God had said.
There was no confusion.
God did say you can eat from any of the trees in the garden, but the tree in the middle of the garden you must not eat from, or you will die.
Crystal clear.
And then Satan
gives her one sentence in what she was clear on she's now confused about and she takes the fruit and she's God knows that if you eat from that, that you're gonna be like him.
God's holding out on you.
The message of the culture of the world that we live in is God's holding out on you.
If it's fun, do it, if it feels good, do it, doesn't matter what God says and God thinks, you be the king and God of your own life, you don't have to submit to God's authority.
And this is what he tips Eve with and he tips
us with as well.
He tempts us with this idea.
And we're at odds with the world.
In fact, Jesus says this in John 1836.
He says, my kingdom is not of this world.
My kingdom is of another place.
Now, they're not just at odds with one another, but they are also opposite of one another.
They're opposite of one another.
I'll put some ideas up on the screen for you, but in the kingdom of the world, it's all about being first.
It's all about being greatest.
It's all about exalting yourself.
It's all about finding your life.
Hey, you need to find yourself.
What's your identity?
In the kingdom of the world, this is where sin reigns.
This is where sin is marginalized.
This is where sin is justified.
This is where sin is even celebrated.
And so what happens is, is that our culture
The culture of the world is like, you need to do that.
You need to be the greatest.
You need to be first.
You need to be exalted.
It's all about you.
It's about you putting yourself on the throne.
Now, we know if we talk about leadership or things like that, there's nothing wrong with us talking about certain ideas related to this as long as they submit to the authority of God.
But this is the pervasive message of our culture.
The disciples are arguing over who's going to be the greatest in the kingdom of heaven.
And Jesus says,
If you want to be the greatest, you must be the least.
If you want to be first, you must be last, you must be a slave to all.
If you want to be, if you humble yourself in the sight of Lord James Form of 4, 10 tells us, then he will lift you up.
If you try to find your life, Jesus says, you will lose your life, but if you lose your life for my sake, you will find it.
There's an opposite that happens.
There's a tension that exists between the kingdom of heaven and kingdom of the world.
In fact, when you read through the Sermon on the Mount in Matthew five, six and seven, Jesus was known to lead a conversation like this.
He would say, you have heard that it was said, but I say to you, you have heard that it was said, but I say to you.
In other words, you have lived your life with a pattern of thinking, thinking that things should be like this.
But I'm about to flip your understanding upside down.
You've heard that it was said, I for an eye and tooth for a tooth.
Yeah, that makes sense.
You disrespect me, I'm gonna disrespect you.
You swing at me, I'm gonna swing back.
You offend me, I'm gonna offend you.
You're gonna hold out and not forgive me, then I'm not gonna forgive you.
I for an eye and a tooth for a tooth makes sense, and Jesus says, but I say to you, when someone strikes you on the right cheek,
You turn to them, the other one also.
And then he says this, he says, he says, if someone forces you to go with them one mile, go with them too.
Go the second mile.
Now oftentimes when we hear that scripture or we hear about this idea of being like a second mile type of person, we think about this in terms of like,
I'm the second mile type of friend.
I go the second mile, the extra mile for everyone.
I want everyone to know that I will go the extra mile for them.
In fact, ask all my friends.
I will bend over backwards.
I'll give them the shirt off my back, but that's not what the context of what Jesus is saying here is.
Notice what he says.
If anyone forces you, this isn't a friend.
Your friend doesn't force you.
The context of this is that
A Roman soldier could go to a Jewish man at any time and ask that Jewish man to carry his backpack for up to a mile.
And the Jewish man had to do it.
He could be thrown in prison if he didn't do it.
And the Jewish men hated this.
So you got to imagine as Jesus is saying this with all of the men listening, Jesus is saying they tell you to go one mile.
I'm telling you to go two miles.
I didn't like it because it was an inconvenience.
They had to put on the sweaty, dirty backpack of the Roman soldier.
And it was degrading and people would know this.
So they would, they could just imagine they're walking with this backpack and they get to the end of the first mile of the Roman soldier says, all right, I put it down.
They said, nah, man, I'm good.
Let's go another mile.
And the Roman soldier would be blown away
at the kindness of this Jewish man.
He would be blown away at what this man has just said because this Roman soldier would know how different and counter cultural that would be.
Jesus isn't talking about going the extra mile for your friend.
He's talking about going the extra mile for your enemy.
He's talking about going the extra mile for the people that you love.
the people that annoy you, the people that get under your skin.
That's what he's talking about.
He's teaching them how to do good so that people when they do and they live their life this way, it draws other people to him.
In fact, he says this right before this in the, in the, in the Sermon on the Mount.
He says, you are a city on a hill or you are the light of the world.
A city on a hill cannot be hidden, nor do people light a lamp
and put it under a bow.
Instead, they put it on a stand so that it gives light to everyone in the house.
Why is that important?
Here's why.
He says, let your light shine before others, that they may see your good deeds and glorify your Father in heaven.
When you serve in this way and you love in this way, it draws people in to wanting to know what is different about the kingdom of heaven than the kingdom of the world, because things operate different here than they do there.
There is a difference.
Now, inside of the kingdom of the world is what I call the kingdom of me.
And I think the kingdom of me sits on the throne of pride.
I think every sin that we commit that we have knowledge of is that us saying, God, I know you say this, but I'm going to live how I want to live.
I'm going to do what I want to do.
I'm going to be the person that I want to be.
I'm going to be the king of my own life.
But there cannot be two kings on one throne.
There cannot be two kings on one throne.
I can tell you that what the text of Scripture would teach us is that Jesus is not okay being second in your life, and He's also not okay being tied for first in your life.
Sometimes in our culture, and even in our Christian communities, we get this mixed up.
In fact, we would call it someone who is a half committed Christian.
And I love this quote by JD Greer.
He says this about half committed Christians.
He says this.
He says the most miserable people in the world are half committed Christians.
You're just enough in the Jesus that you're miserable in the world and just enough in the world that you're miserable in Jesus.
It's a losing trade when we choose the kingdom of the world over the kingdom of heaven.
1 John 2 17 says, it's the kingdom of the world and its desires will pass away.
So the kingdom of heaven is this place that leads to life and if it's the rule and reign of God and this is what the kingdom of the world is, how do I, if I am born a resident of the kingdom of the world, all of us have, the Bible tells us clearly, clearly all have sinned and fallen short of the glory of God, Romans 3 23.
The Bible tells us in Romans 3 also that there is no one righteous, not even one.
Every person who has been born a descendant of Adam and Eve carries the sin nature in them.
And so therefore this is what we're born into.
We're born into sin.
So how do I get access to the kingdom of heaven?
Well, that's a great question.
And this is where the most quoted, memorized verse, and all of Christianity comes in.
For God so loved the world that he gave his one and only son, Jesus, that whosoever, you, me, whosoever would believe in him, would not perish, but have everlasting life.
You keep reading in John 3, verse 17, for the Son of Man, Jesus did not come into the world to condemn the world, but to save the world
through Him.
Now, oh, thank you.
Now, this is important and this is the gospel.
This is the gospel, the good news of the death, barren resurrection of Jesus for the remission of our sins.
See, because all have sinned and fallen short of the glory of God, none of us could have rescued ourselves because we're all sinful.
And so after Adam and Eve said in the garden,
And death, as the consequence of that said, not just physical death, but spiritual death, internal separation from God, this massive consequence, God made a promise to Adam and Eve in the garden, the proto of Angelium and Genesis 3.15 that he was going to make a way for Satan to be defeated and for mankind to be saved.
And the rest of the story of the Old Testament is God putting that plan in motion, calling out Abraham,
and calling out these people that he would lead in God and protect and guard as their shepherd and as their God.
These people didn't get it right all the time.
And he led these people.
And then, as he promised, the Messiah came.
And Jesus was born into this world, but he wasn't born into this world like you were born into this world.
He wasn't born in this world like I'm born into this world.
He was born of a virgin conceived of the Holy Spirit.
So Jesus was not born a resident of the kingdom of the world.
He did not carry the sin nature because he was born of the Holy Spirit, conceived of a virgin.
And Jesus walked and lived here on this earth.
And the Bible tells us that he was tempted in every way, yet without sin.
And though Adam and Eve could not overcome the temptation in the garden,
He did.
When he's tempted by Satan, he overcomes.
And then he goes voluntarily, given his life up.
And he dies on the cross.
And he doesn't just die on the cross for your sin, but for the sin of the entire world for all of time.
He died on the cross in our place for our sin.
And what we know is that Adam and Eve never sinned.
They never would have had death.
They would have lived forever.
Well, Jesus, he never sinned.
So why is it that, why is it that he's dying?
I thought he would have lived for, he would have, but he substituted his life.
This is the substitutionary atonement.
He voluntarily gave up his life, dying on the cross in our place for our sin, exchanging the life that he deserved for the death that we deserve, canceling the death that we deserve so that we could have everlasting life.
Let me tell you something, if you could understand this,
You can understand almost everything that Jesus taught, and you can understand almost everything that the New Testament, the big thing message of the New Testament is trying to teach us.
Jesus said, John 14, 6, I am the way, the truth and the life.
No man comes to the Father except by me.
If anyone wants to be my disciple, he must deny himself and take up his cross and follow me.
Matthew 6, 33, seek first his kingdom.
and His righteousness and all these things will be added unto you as well.
Jesus is asked to teach the disciples how to pray in Matthew 6.
He says, our Father in heaven, holy, hallowed is your name.
Your kingdom come.
Your will be done.
on earth as it is in heaven.
Galatians 2.20, I have been crucified with Christ.
I no longer live, but Christ lives in me.
Sacred is 5.17.
If anyone is in Christ, He is a new creation.
The old is gone and the new has come.
And over and over and over again, you can see the message connecting back to what Jesus is teaching here.
So let's go back to the opening scripture that we talked about.
How do I now then get access to the kingdom of heaven?
What's that we believe?
We put our trust in faith in Jesus, but notice what Jesus' message was.
Repent for the kingdom of heaven.
Let's come here.
Repent.
We have to come to a place that's at the end of ourselves, and we have to repent.
A change of direction.
And the Bible tells us that Godly sorrow leads to repentance.
This is not
Just some guilt that you might feel, but it is, you know what?
I recognize I cannot do this on my own anymore.
Now, let me tell you what happens sometimes in church.
Let me tell you what happens sometimes in ministry.
Let me tell you what happens sometimes in youth ministry, camps and retreats and things like that that I'm a part of.
What'll happen is is that people will say, well, you know what?
I have my kingdom and I have my life.
And I'm in the center of that.
And I have my career, and I have my school, and I have my family, and I have my hobbies, and I have my fill in the blank.
And everything that I do is about me, but it connects to this.
And so what we do is we hear a message like this, where we hear the gospel, or we go to church and you say, you know what I'm gonna do?
I'm just gonna add Jesus to my kingdom.
I'm gonna add church to my kingdom.
And as long as church is a convenience, Jesus is a convenience, then I'm cool with it.
We don't add Him to our kingdom.
We submit our lives to His kingdom.
We make Him the kingdom of our life.
How it should look is Jesus is at the center of our life.
This is what it looks like in the kingdom of heaven.
And that now impacts my career.
that impacts my school, that impacts my family, that impacts my neighborhood.
So we're talking about going into our neighborhood and we're talking about telling people about Jesus and going door to door and we're like, man, I feel a little bit uptight about that.
I don't know if I could go talk to strangers about Jesus.
I want you to explore just the conversations that Jesus had with people in the New Testament through the gospels that almost all of the people that Jesus is talking to
about the kingdom of heaven are complete strangers.
When we go into the neighborhood, we share the love of Jesus.
So here's a question for you today, church, as we kind of close out our time together.
The question for you is this.
Which kingdom are you in?
Have you ever put your trust in faith in Jesus?
Have you repented of your sins?
Have you acknowledged his death, bear, and resurrection?
Have you surrendered your life to him?
It's not about adding him to your kingdom.
It's about surrendering to his.
And maybe you've been around church your whole life.
You know all the stories.
You go to the, you went to Christian school or maybe you currently go to Christian school.
But if you're honest, when you align your life
with what the kingdom of the world looks like and the kingdom of heaven look like, they're just different.
In fact, sometimes people are so comfortable in the kingdom of the world, so comfortable in the kingdom of the world that the people that are around them in the world have no idea that they would call themselves Christians and a part of the kingdom of heaven.
So I'm gonna pray for us now.
We're gonna pastors that are gonna come out to the front and they'll be around the stage.
And if you're here in the service today and you would say, listen, Pastor Derek, I'm in that camp.
In fact, I've been living my life for the world.
I've been pursuing all the things of the world.
I've been chasing and running away from God and full rebellion to Him.
And I'm wrapped up in the culture of this world.
But today I recognize that that's a losing decision.
And today I need to surrender my life to Jesus.
Then I want to invite you here in a moment to come and talk to one of the pastors up in the front of the church.
And if you're also here and you would say, you know what, I'm better on church my whole life.
But as you just mentioned, I've been adding Jesus to my life.
Then I want to invite you to make that decision today and talk to someone.
Or maybe there's some saying you need to confess some ways about the way you've been living, submitted more to the culture than to the
to the Lord, maybe that idea of being a halfway Christian resonates with you.
If you look at your life right now, you would say, man, apathy and complacency is a marker of my faith journey, and it's unacceptable for it to continue in that way.
So I'm gonna pray for you, and I'm gonna invite you to respond as the Lord would have you respond.
Let's pray.
Father, we love you.
We thank you so much for our time together today.
I pray over our church family.
I pray over those that maybe they're first-time guests today.
Maybe they've been in church their whole life, but maybe they've never come to that place where they've made a decision to follow you, to say yes to you, to surrender their life to you, to repent of their sins and believe in you.
God, I pray this morning in the name of Jesus that your spirit would stir their hearts right now in this moment, that they would know that they can't leave this place today without making that decision to follow you.
Would you give them the boldness?
Step out.
Give them the boldness to have the conversation.
Give them the boldness to say yes.
And God for those in here that are part of our church family.
But if honesty, if honestly we would reflect on our lives for some of us, maybe we've been on the fence a bit lately.
And becoming the churches felt more like a chore.
We haven't shared the gospel with anybody in years.
We've gotten so comfortable in the world and no one around us would even know that we were a Christian if we didn't tell them we went to church.
Maybe today you just need to confess that the Lord confess your sins to the Lord and let him shake the apathy out of your life.
In Jesus' name we pray.
Amen.
They're going to play and as you are dismissed in this time together, if you need to have a conversation, I'll be down in the front, pastors will be down in the front, come and have a conversation with someone.
We love you.
Have a great week in the Lord.
Thank you for worshiping with us today.
We're so glad that you've joined us.
If you prayed to receive Christ today, we'd love to hear from you.
We want to help you as you begin your new faith journey in Christ.
Simply send an email to pastor at trbc.org.
If you've never accepted God's free gift of salvation, the forgiveness of sins made possible by the death and resurrection of Jesus, you can do that today by simply asking Him to save you.
If you'd like to know more, we're here to help you.
Just reach out to us and we'll provide you with some next steps.
Here at Thomas Road, our mission is to change our world by developing Christ followers who love God and love people.
If you'd like to help us fulfill that mission by giving to our ministry, go to trbc.org and make your contribution today.
Your gifts make it possible for us to share the life-changing message of God's love.